Feature/m0078 ddg 401 watchdog fl public doc (#237)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/watchdog.rst

The `Watchdog API Module <https://repository.microej.com/artifacts/ej/api/monitoring/>`_
must be added to the :ref:`module.ivy <mmm_module_description>` of the MicroEJ 
Application project in order to allow access to the Watchdog library.

::

   <dependency org="ej.api.monitoring" name="watchdog" rev="1.0.1" transitive="false"/>

Code example in Java
====================

Here is an example that summarizes all features in a simple use case.
The checkpoint is performed in a TimerTask scheduled to run every 5 seconds.
To use TimerTask in your Java application, add the following dependency:

::

	<dependency org="ej.api" name="bon" rev="1.4.0" />

Then, you can use this example code:

.. code:: java

	// Test a simple watchdog use case
	public static void main(String[] args) {

		if (Watchdog.isResetCause()) {
			System.out.println("Watchdog triggered the last board reset!"); //$NON-NLS-1$
		} else {
			System.out.println("Watchdog DID NOT triggered the last board reset!"); //$NON-NLS-1$
		}

		Watchdog.init();
		System.out.println("Watchdog initialized to trigger after " + Watchdog.getWatchdogTimeoutMs() + " ms."); //$NON-NLS-1$

		TimerTask checkpointTask = new TimerTask() {

> 			private final int taskID = Watchdog.registerCheckpoint();

Reviewer: Rename `taskID` into `checkpointId`

			@Override
			public void run() {
				// We attest our task activity using the checkpoint method.
				Watchdog.checkpoint(this.taskID); // Since this is our only checkpoint registered, the watchdog is

> 				// refreshed.

Reviewer: Move the comment above the code.

There is an additional function in ``LLWATCHDOG_impl.h`` compared to the Java API.
This is ``LLWATCHDOG_IMPL_refresh``, because a low level implementation of this function
is required for the library. However, the user does not need and should not use this function on his own.

Code example in C
=================

Here is an example that summarizes main features in a simple use case.
The checkpoint is performed in a FreeRTOS task scheduled to attest its activity to the watchdog every 5 seconds.

.. code:: C
      
   #include <stdio.h>
   #include <stdint.h>

   #include "FreeRTOS.h"
   #include "task.h"
   #include "queue.h"
   #include "semphr.h"

   #include "LLWATCHDOG_impl.h"

   #define MONITORED_TASK_STACK_SIZE 1024
   #define TASK_SLEEP_TIME_MS 5000 // We sleep for 5 seconds, assuming that the watchdog timeout is higher.

   /*-----------------------------------------------------------*/

   static void my_monitored_task( void *pvParameters ){
      // We get an ID from watchdog registration system for this new checkpoint
      int32_t checkpoint_id = LLWATCHDOG_IMPL_registerCheckpoint();

      for(;;){
         vTaskDelay( TASK_SLEEP_TIME_MS / portTICK_PERIOD_MS);

>          LLWATCHDOG_IMPL_checkpoint(checkpoint_id); // Since this is our only checkpoint registered, the watchdog is refreshed.

Reviewer: Move the comment above the code.

>          printf("MonitoredTask with ID = %d did watchdog checkpoint!\n\r", checkpoint_id);

Reviewer: Remove all the `\r`. Keep only `\n`.

Actually, on windows it would be `\r\n` (CR LF) but I think it is not necessary when using `printf`.

========
Watchdog
========

> Overview

Reviewer 2: Please add a section about how the mock behaves

The particularity of this library is that it can be either used in Java, in C inside the BSP
or even both of them. The use of this library in the BSP in C is relevant when the user needs
to monitor an item of the software system which is outside of the MicroEJ Virtual Machine. 
The sequence diagram below shows a standard use of the Watchdog API in Java and in C.

.. figure:: images/watchdog_seq_diagram.png
	:alt: Watchdog API sequence diagram
	:align: center
	:scale: 80%

Dependencies
============

- This library needs to be used with the Watchdog Generic C implementation developed for this purpose,
  its module name is ``watchdog-generic``.

- ``LLWATCHDOG_impl.h`` implemented by the Watchdog C implementation (see :ref:`LLWATCHDOG-API-SECTION`).

- ``watchdog_helper.h`` implementation needed by the Watchdog C implementation (see :ref:`LLWATCHDOG-API-SECTION`).

Installation
============

Watchdog is an API composed of a ``Pack`` module and a C component module.
You need both of them in your platform to install the API.

In the platform configuration project, the one with ``-configuration`` extension, add
the dependency to the two required modules in the file ``module.ivy``:

::

> 	<dependency org="com.microej.pack.monitoring" name="monitoring-pack" rev="1.0.0" />

Reviewer 2: @jcourcelmicroej @jerome-leroux we have to finish our discussion about the naming convention
- watchdog conflict VM watchdog
- monitoring term: already used for vm introspection

After checking, I suggest to reuse the watchdog name as we aim toward building fine grained packs 
- Pack: com.microej.pack.watchdog
- API ej.api.watchdog => 2.0.0 to avoid conflicts

> 	<dependency changing="true" org="com.microej.clibrary.llimpl" name="watchdog-generic" rev="2.0.0" transitive="false"/>

Reviewer 2: How do we package this CCO => move to new Github ? 
This is not an abstraction layer but a 'stack' whith has its own AbstractionLayer right ?

Author: That is the generic implementation of the watchdog of the watchdog-timer-llapi.

This generic part also needs a hardware-dependent implementation that can be done directly in the platform or retrieved from another cco such as this module `org="com.microej.clibrary.llimpl" name="watchdog-timer-realtek-amebad"`.

Then, you have to implement functions that match the ``LLWATCHDOG_IMPL_*_action`` pattern
which is required by the Watchdog C implementation.

> Then, build the platform: right-click on ``-configuration`` project > ``Build module``.

Reviewer 2: Prefer a more generic link

```suggestion
The Platform must be rebuilt (:ref:`platform_build`)
```

				// We attest our task activity using the checkpoint method.
				// Since this is our only checkpoint registered, the watchdog is refreshed.
				Watchdog.checkpoint(this.checkpointId); 
				System.out.println("Task performed watchdog checkpoint with the ID " + this.checkpointId); //$NON-NLS-1$
			}
		};

		// We schedule our task to be executed every 5 seconds.
		Timer timer = new Timer();
		final int DELAY = 0;
		final int PERIOD = 5000; // We assume that the watchdog timeout period is higher than 5000 milliseconds.
		timer.schedule(checkpointTask, DELAY, PERIOD);

		// Everything is ready, we launch the watchdog
		Watchdog.start();
		System.out.println("Watchdog started!");

		// Let the checkpointTask runs for a minute.

		final int WAIT_A_MINUTE = 60000; // 60 000 milliseconds to wait a minute
		try {
			Thread.sleep(WAIT_A_MINUTE);
		} catch (InterruptedException e) {
			// TODO Auto-generated catch block
			e.printStackTrace();
		}

		// Our program is finished. Now we stop the checkpointTask and the watchdog.
		timer.cancel();
		Watchdog.stop(); // This method also unregisters all checkpoints.
		System.out.println("Monitored task stopped and Watchdog stopped.");
	}

> Use in C inside the BSP

Reviewer 2: where are documented the watchdog_helper LLAPIs ?

Author: This is documented in `llapi.rst` with also the file `LLWATCHDOG_TIMER_impl.h` to explain that `watchdog_timer_helper.h` contains hardware-dependent functions that must be completed by engineers.
